you
I am Davis tikka I am 13 years old I am
coming from Kerala mystic I am studying
its gender I unable to see the sunlight
I have limited mission
if I see the Sun it burns and it burns
my eyes
am unable to River I can't play with my
friends
I always depend on my mother I had tried
counted lengths I had tried sunglasses
but it was not at all effective
I believe brighter color I Irish
implants will cure my all problems
you
this is devi sri he is a patient who has
got ocular cutaneous albinism the
problem with her was that because of the
lack of pigments in her eye she is not
able to face the she was not able to
face the sunlight and she had a lot of
glare and she has got a problem of
nystagmus that is of shaking of the eyes
basically because of the lack of
pigments in the eye and she has
undergone the prosthetic iris
implantation she has had a brown color
implant and after the surgery now she is
able to face a light as you can see she
is able to look at the camera and the
shaking of the eyes and his tag mass
also has considerably come down and it's
just one day after surgery and we surely
do expect that she will have a lot more
improvement as the days go by so they
she is one of the persons was benefited
a lot with the bright oculars prosthetic
iris implantation surgery
sir during gone variable and there was
no pain I'm so happy now
yes I do like my newest and I'm sick
clearly No
yes my family members they're very
supportive for this procedure doctor was
very informative and he helped me to
understand the whole procedure I like
this color
because I like this is the most
yes I will recommend this procedure to
others so that everybody is happy like
me
you